hey guys welcome to another video and
you know I'm here with my friend Blair
will puppy three-four-five say hi and we
were and recycle bins yeah look like
look look look
take a good long look good long take a
good long - all right well apparently he
is supposed to be doing them he's
supposed to be glitching people and all
he's doing is standing there and he's
not doing anything
hey all right you know I'm I'm gonna try
to troll these people I'm gonna show
these people
okay all right all right well they just
kind of like went like he just kind of
went like really all right now he's
probably like he's like okay now I'm
really even took on your stuff and then
they're not gonna fall for this side and
then he's like gonna take it I'm so
scared here grab a closet
I'm gonna pop sure I'm gonna posite on
my D s o here well I'm in a positive
that it's so proud so proud right and
also high but all right here I'll be
right back and once he starts doing
something I'll be back with you guys
okay well he started doing something and
he took my friend's headdress girl I
just said girl I'm right next to gir
I don't like you I mean but my friend
could have just not looked in her
inventory so what I just logged you out
again but you're right there he's doing
it he's rein your person is moving yeah
your person is moving
it says you're moving inside of his den
you're inside it where did he go
you're inside of his den and you're
moving around I mean yes you are
well you're just moving around in the
middle of it
yeah he probably is I'm taking your tray
list but you just standing there and now
you're moving your fox is the only war
on trade was your wolf on trade was her
headdress on was your headdress on trade
then he wants to took it well best man
he didn't he didn't do anything to me he
just like went mad on my friend all
right I know who it is
it's CC 480 it's her yes sorry she all
made me really mad so I'm just gonna
blame her for everything I'm gonna blame
her for everything that happens to me
what song is that well anyway we saw
earth man no alright I'm just gonna end
this video a video right here because I
am really starting to get scared no I'm
just - I am okay
stop turn it Oh